car mazda 6
complete with the start stop button
with installed alarm excellent
roar bass to the task of theft protection
re-authorization of the owner and
organizations
Kellys What They Did n’t Do at the Factory
let's see how it works
arming
will be flashing security system
these are safe
if after arming disappears
action area label
car on disarm no way
reacts
label appears can the system dream
temple in guard mode
comfortable control of the lock is possible
trunk
We approach the car with a label system
finds the hand mark freely click on
open trunk button
trunk opens system on horny
the doors are closed closing the trunk
the system takes him under protection
to drive a car we sit down
we start the car
we sounds 3 flashes the led need
enter code re- authorization
owner
enter the code
hood lock opens
trip allowed
here is a car security mode
auto run via phone
website offer or with keychain
exelent
Jimmy autorun
auto light off
we come to disarm
move the lever to the parking position
Avtosvet turns on
we bring a cop
hood lock opens
you can continue to move
car due to an exelent system